# 1.1.4

  * Improvements to generated feedback forms:
    - Chairs do not give or receive feedback any longer.
    - Rooms are now correctly displayed.
    - Feedback forms are now ordered by room rather than form type.
  * New feature: export results as CSV.
  * Switch to .NET version 4.0 (from 2.0).
  * Fix a bug where adding a new debater would crash the programme.
  * Fix a bug where tournament data could not be saved.
  * Fix the message printed to the console on startup.

# 1.1.3

  * Fix a bug where chairs were listed as main judges and main judges as
    panelists on generated feedback sheets.

# 1.1.2

  * Fix multiple issues with the Linux binary package which prevented the
    program from starting.

# 1.1.1

  * New feature: Feedback sheet generation. Feedback sheets for every
    drawn round can now be generated by selecting the round in the GUI,
    then pressing the new 'Feedback' button. A new TeX template,
    'feedback-tmpl.tex', is provided as a starting point. Automatic feedback
    sheet generation aids in avoiding confusion with incorrectly or
    incompletely filled in forms by filling in all the important
    organisational information beforehand.
  * Fix a bug where the Mono runtime autodetection would fail to choose the
    correct runtime version.
  * Minor documentation improvements.

# 1.1.0

  * Fractional point averages: Imprecise numbers -- specifically speaker and
    team points averaged over multiple judges -- are now computed with an
    accuracy of 2 rather than 0 decimal places, as mandated by new directives
    from the OPD rules commission.
